What we're going to do now is we're going
to be separating the belly section
from the loin section
when I separate the belly from the loin.
I need to be aware of I'm getting two
different types of ribs out of this.
We're getting our side ribs
that sit on top of the belly and we'd
get our back ribs off of the loin.
So what I like to do is I'll come in
roughly
about an inch and a half down
from where my ribs meet my back bone
and I'll either go two fingers or again,
roughly about an inch and a half.
So I'll make a mark in this section here.
So I just make a mark.
Then what I want to do is I'm going
to come down to the opposite end
and I'm going to identify
where my tenderloin is
and that's this long muscle here.
So once I see where my tenderloin is,
obviously
I want to preserve
that as best as possible.
So I'm actually going to come down roughly
from where the tenderloin ends.
I'll come down
roughly about an inch or so.
And then I make a mark.
So now I've got two different marks
to work with.
Now I have to try as best as possible
without breaking out a meter stick
to trace that line
to make a nice even cut.
So I'll just drag my knife along
and hit that mark.
OK, now I've got a line to work
with as a guiding line.
So this muscle here, this
diaphragm muscle,
they've cut it to eviscerate the animal.
But this, if we were talking about beef,
would be a skirt steak.
But for our purposes, for today,
we won't really worry about it.
So I'll just remove a bit of that
diaphragm muscle.
And now I've gone.
I've got my line that I traced.
I'm going to go back to the reverse grip
and go right down
to the cutting board
to cut away this portion of the belly.
So that allows me to pull the belly away
because we talked about in the leg,
we want to make sure that all the muscle
is being cut by a knife.
And then I'll get the saw out
to cut the bone.
OK, so I'm just going to follow
that line that I traced out,
you know, just start here.
And once I find a groove
I'll get my saw as horizontal as possible
and just keep on cutting those bones
until I'm through.
That's it.
I come back with my knife
in that reverse grip
and now I can separate the belly
from the loin.